this is a nothing phone 2. you can tell
because the glass on the back is rounded
a bit otherwise it looks pretty similar
to the phone one but don't let that fool
you
[Music]
you know humans are very visual
creatures and when the nothing phone 2
design was revealed by this YouTuber I
was going through a lot of the comments
and a lot of people were actually
disappointed that it looked so similar
to the phone one like oh they barely
they barely changed anything but I think
that's actually missing the point like
don't get me wrong I understand that
people of course want an exciting new
design but think about it if you're a
brand new company like a two-year-old
smartphone company and you're trying to
establish your your ID your DNA for the
way your phones are gonna look you can't
dramatically change things that much
year to year if your second phone looks
wildly different from your first phone
it's kind of hard to establish that you
know so yeah the glass is a little more
curved and the gray is lighter and
there's some adjustments to the LED
zones and we'll get to that in a second
but generally it still looks like a
nothing phone and that's on purpose but
second of all the design
it matters but it's not the only thing
that matters and actually a lot of the
changes with this phone are more than
Skin Deep so using this phone for the
past two weeks I do think overall it
feels more premium I'll say it doesn't
necessarily show in the specs but it's a
collection of things that have all been
bumped up the display is now much
brighter up to 1600 nits so it's much
more visible Outdoors still 1080p 120
hertz but it's ltpo this time around and
they move the selfie camera hole punch
from the corner to the middle and the
bezels are a little bit thinner all the
way around making room for a slightly
larger display just a little bit more
refined I also still wish the optical
fingerprint reader was a little higher
up on the screen and a little bit faster
but honestly still par for the course as
far as phones in this price range along
with the ip54 water and dust resistance
overall similar phone slightly better
but most of the changes with this guy
are under the hood so let's go there
first of all they picked the Snapdragon
8 plus gen 1 essentially a last
generation Flagship chip this means it's
much better than the previous phone but
not quite up to date with some of the
highest end phones today rocking the
Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 and then the base
version has 8 gigs of RAM but this
version I've been testing has 12 and
it's been excellent very smooth all the
way around I mean I've been leaving on
the dynamic refresh rate setting and it
feels like it's 120 hertz most of the
time it's very responsive it's great it
did occasionally hang sometimes and I've
had some weird one-off bugs that are
hard to replicate including more thermal
warnings that I'm used to seeing in a
phone especially while wireless charging
but overall it's been pretty solid and
that brings me right to the software
experience with this phone
this phone has a lot of character like
there are a lot of little like tweaks
and UI things and features stuff that
they've added that made me go oh
like that's really nice like I like the
fact that you can choose how large an
icon is on your home screen so if you
want to have a you got a nice little
grid array going on and you have an app
you open a lot you can make it double
sized and just kind of tucks into your
grid like it's the size of I guess four
icons they redesigned how folders look
on the home screen I think it also looks
really good you can add any Quick
Settings as a widget on your home screen
which is dope I don't know why I never
thought of that and then even better is
lock screen widgets so for this it's
only nothing's widgets but they have a
pretty good variety of them a lot of
weather widgets clocks and things like
that and they literally stay visible all
the time with this nice little dot
matrix version on the always-on display
so I love having the weather up here and
then the quick shortcut to the
flashlight it would be cool if
third-party apps could plug into this
too but for now it's already really neat
there's still the nothing dot fonts
everywhere and the dot Motif with the
brightness slider and the volume slider
things like that and then of course on
top of all of that you've got all the
glyph stuff some people are like this is
a total gimmick some people are like
this is the greatest thing ever I love
it
I feel like I'm somewhere in between so
these LEDs are actually a little bit
brighter and a little bit wider compared
to the nothing fun one uh there's a
slightly different design too so with
the pair of LEDs around the cameras
instead of one solid Arc and then the
large C in the middle gets split up into
six different sections but then as I
mentioned in that dope Tech unveiling
video there are more addressable zones
for the LEDs on the back so meaning
instead of just lighting everything up
at once there are quite a few more
software features now to take advantage
of the more precise control stuff like
the countdown timer and the progress
indicator for third-party apps starting
with Uber and zomato I got it right that
time in addition to the charging
progress indicator light at the bottom
there's also long pressing the torch for
the glyph flashlight which is kind of
sweet it's actually it's not as bright
but it's much softer and there's also
the essential notification light so you
can assign that top right stripe to
light up and stay lit up anytime you get
a notification from one specific app
Choice until you address that
notification
and the glyph composer of course to
build your own notification sound do I
think it's a little bit gimmicky yeah
for sure there's definitely some some
weird novelty that you're probably not
going to use but I think among all that
stuff there's at least some pieces of it
somewhere that some people will find
useful I guess I just don't understand
how hard could it be to give people more
full customization control of the lights
like you can okay if I have one app that
I really know I want to pay attention to
then that's the one stripe up here but
what if I have three or four apps and I
just want to make sure I assign them to
three or four different lights on the
back like because that's an impossible
engineering challenge or do they just
not want us to be able to do that for
some reason
I don't know but you can't either way I
want to get back to what I said before
which is that this phone has character
for real so this is all part of
nothing's self-titled nothing os2 but to
be more specific it's basically
nothing's skin on top of Android 13
right now and I kind of feel the same
way about it that I do about Google
pixel like the pixel has its own
character version of Android and this
phone kinda also has its own character
version that's present throughout the
experience you know it's a London based
company so it says things like airplane
mode and color correction and the trash
in Google photos is called the bin it
has the monotone desktop icons by
default which always start off so
promising and every time someone tries
to do it I want it to work so bad but
then there's always just a few apps that
are not supported and ruin the look this
is also true here but I really respect
the clear back thing I've been pretty
pumped about some other transparent
gadgets lately and somebody pointed out
the uneven glue in the hinge of the
Beats Studio buds plus case and I
haven't been able to unsee it since but
really that made me appreciate more that
nothing is doing a ton of transparent
themed stuff and even added a
transparent cable this year well the
ends of the cable not the actual cable
but still kind of cool and you don't see
other companies doing the clean neat
transparent stuff this well so then I
guess let's just get to the meat of this
to the most important things with any
new phone are going to be battery life
and cameras
and battery life on this new phone is
much improved
the cameras
not so much so the battery situation
actually is awesome it went up from a
4500 to 4700 milliamp hour battery it
also went to a more power efficient
newer chip and it's bumped up to 45 watt
Peak charging so even with the higher
fresh rate on a higher screen brightness
and all sorts of new apps like threads
coming out where I'm spending like hours
of screen on time per day follow me over
there I guess uh turns out this thing
can keep it going for six seven hours of
screen on time no problem and when you
do plug into a fast charger which is not
included in the box but when you do it's
pretty quick it can go from zero to full
in an hour and there's even 15 watt
wireless charging like I mentioned
earlier it's the completely worry-free
battery package even if it does overheat
a few times on that wireless car charger
so then the camera's back here on the
other hand we're a little bit more of a
bummer a bit inconsistent for me so
still dual camera is still a primary
camera and an ultra wide no telephoto
and they've upgraded sensors now so 50
megapixels each but it's not it's not
the no number of pixels that matters
it's the quality of them so I think it's
more helpful context to know this is the
Sony IMX 890 for the primary sensor
which is the same one that's in the
OnePlus 11 and the OnePlus nord3 this is
a very average camera system in perfect
lighting like the aperture is wide
enough and the sensor is big enough that
you get some good looking photos with
shallow depth of field and when the
subject is up close they look good
colors are solid and processing isn't
too dramatic so when you take landscape
shots too things look sharp across the
board but two things I've noticed one is
in lower light it starts to fall apart
more you either get more noisy or more
soft photos pretty quickly not a shocker
we've seen this before and in the
premium mid-range space that feels kind
of like again par for the course right
below the impressive pixel 7s and the
not so impressive OnePlus Norris of the
world but the other thing is it has this
weird bug that I've seen just a few
times where a moving subject has this
weird ghosting which is not good it I'm
guessing it's a weird laggy HDR
processing where it's trying to combine
frames and it has some sort of a weird
lag while capturing those frames either
way I haven't seen this bug in any other
phone camera in years hopefully it's
just that a bug that they can fix and
along with those other quirks and weird
things I've talked about they can iron
that stuff out before shipping this
phone to the world and also one other
quick random thing that didn't quite fit
in the rest of this review the haptics
for the keyboard are very strong which
is fine but I can't adjust them and
they're so strong you can actually hear
them if you can
it's not the sound of my hand hitting
the phone that's like the sound of the
vibration motor being too strong I just
want to be able to adjust that I can't
find it in the settings please nothing
let me adjust the haptic strength of the
keyboard but anyway the last big pillar
clearly is the new price so
the previous nothing phone started
firmly in I would say mid-range
territory it was 399 Euro
and this phone starts at 599 U.S so it's
bumped up and that's actually for the
starting one so that's eight gigs of RAM
and 128 gigs of storage that I just
turned the torch on of course I did
um but I think once you bump up to the
12 256 you quickly get into 700 phone
territory so
is that actually worth it it's a much
more expensive phone and I think the
answer is if you think worth it is
purely a Specs question then you
probably won't see this phone as worth
it it doesn't have the most amazing
specs in the world uh matter of fact I
can kind of already see the two sides of
how people will Embrace this phone like
you'll have the our Android community on
Reddit saying okay this is basically
just an average mid-range phone nothing
too special quirky design whatever and
then you'll see you'll have like the the
nothing investor Club being like this is
this is the greatest design ever in a
phone it's the coolest thing ever made
the truth
per usual Falls somewhere in between
matter of fact I think the funny thing
is both those groups probably have in
common that they probably haven't used
the phone yet and I think once you do
and you actually get used to it you
realize that the specs and the design
are both not the primary thing about
this phone when we actually use it it's
really the software it's absolutely
defined by this character filled
software and that part even if it's a
little buggy
is really fun it's really solid
so that's what makes it the nothing
phone too
thanks for watching
catch you guys the next one peace
foreign